chore(curriculum): tell campers what break tags are used for (#50816)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/6145f8f8bcd4370f6509078e.md

USA
```

> The `br` tags will allow each part of the address to be on their own line and are useful for presenting `address` elements properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `br` tags will allow each part of the address to be on its own line and are useful for presenting `address` elements properly.
```

Reviewer: Just caught this after I gave my OK. "Each part" is singular so it should be "its".

Reviewer 2: Good catch - dunno how I overlooked it.

> essential in presenting `address` elements properly. 

Reviewer: "Essential" is a pretty strong word here. Do you have a source you can site for this?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `br` tags will allow each part of the address to be on their own line and are 
useful for presenting `address` elements properly. 
```

I'd go with MDN's "useful". 

> It is useful for writing a poem or an address, where the division of lines is significant.

Reviewer: Good change @naomi-lgbt. Since this is a unit about accessibility I was just worried that using "essential" made it appear that you must always use `br` tags in the `address` element because it helps with accessibility. For the record, they do not.

> The `br` tags will allow each part of the address to be on their own line and are 
> useful for presenting `address` elements properly. 
> # --hints--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `br` tags will allow each part of the address to be on their own line and are useful for presenting `address` elements properly.

# --hints--
```

Now a formatting nitpick.
